New dbt cloud IA (#2932)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url.md

#### Step 1: Create an AWS User for dbt Cloud

> To give dbt Cloud access to your repository, first you'll need to create an AWS IAM user for dbt Cloud. Log into the AWS Console and navigate to the IAM section. Click "Add User", and create a new user with "Programmatic Access".

Author: ```suggestion
To give dbt Cloud access to your repository, first you'll need to create an AWS IAM user for dbt Cloud. Log into the AWS Console and navigate to the IAM section. Click "Add User", and create a new user by entering a unique and meaningful user name.
```

This user will need clone access to your repository. The easiest way to set that up is to add the "AWSCodeCommitPowerUser" permission during setup.

#### Step 2: Import your repository by name

> Open the AWS CodeCommit console and choose your repository. Copy the SSH URL from that page. Next, navigate to the "New Repository" page in dbt Cloud. Choose the "Git URL" tab, and paste in the SSH URL you copied from the console.

Author: ```suggestion
Open the AWS CodeCommit console and choose your repository. Copy the SSH URL from that page. Next, navigate to the "New Repository" page in dbt Cloud. Choose the "Git Clone" tab, and paste in the SSH URL you copied from the console.
```
